st1 [2131][IMP] stock_picking_comment_template_ext (#183)
qrtl/rpl-custom: stock_picking_comment_template_ext/README.rst

    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-qrtl%2Frpl--custom-lightgray.png?logo=github

>     :target: https://github.com/qrtl/rpl-custom/tree/13.0/stock_picking_comment_template_ext

Reviewer: Revert the version to 12.0.

Author: OK, I do. (The other repo's settings were left unchanged.)

    :alt: qrtl/rpl-custom

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| 

This module does the following:

* Changes the string "Bottom Comments" to "Staff Memo".

> * Only when picking is created, the memo for sale_order is copied to one for picking as the initial value.
> * These contents are independent of each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When picking is created from sales order, the value of memo (note2) field of the sales order is copied to the corresponding field of the picking.
```
